Hi, guys.
Worker In the last lecture we created this function called had product two cots, and then in the parentheses
we pass all these dynamic variables.
Right.
And over here we are saying if the product as if we had that to the users cats then we just want to
update that product has if it has not been added then we want to have that product by using this method
called puts if upset.
Okay, great.
So now in this lecture, we are going to need to call this function called hot product two cuts.
But before that, what we also need to do is.
Over here within the function we need to say.
Not I.
Listener.
Okay.
What this will do is it will listen to changes the user is making to the cards and immediately is going
to need to update the UI.
Okay.
So now we can use controller and save.
And before we need to call this function all before we call this function, we need to go to the main
that FY and do the same thing that we did for the product provider.
Okay.
Now as well, or where we tend to provide us.
We need to had a true coma and use the change.
Notify a provider.
Right.
Okay.
Is going to be the score then.
Our function is going to be cots.
That's why the OC.
They use control and that's a safe.
Okay.
So now we can call this function, right?
So I going need to go to the detail page right where this button is.
Okay.
So we can.
Then go to detail page.
And over here we can use culture and beats.
Make swipe and look for the hearts of.
What's it like?
I think there's a value.
Then you've got to have access to this.
Function of an.
This function over here, we need to first have access to this Cox provider class.
Okay.
So what we're just going to do is.
Over the detail page you can.
Okay.
We can just copy this.
Right.
Okay.
And paste, but this is going to be card.
Cut.
Provider.
Or you can call this on the score cards.
On the scorecards.
Provide a check.
Okay.
That's okay.
And we're going to change this to.
The cards provider.
Okay.
Great.
So we changed the function.
Okay.
This is The View.
Oh, we just have to say it's on the score card for writer and art.
You can see we have access to the hot product.
COX okay, great.
So now we're going to need to pass in all this.
Ability to pass in all the values for those variable we how they are created.
Okay now for the price is going to be.
You put a prize, right?
Traverses two deaths.
I think we really have to be rebel.
That has access to all our products.
Okay.
There's going to be product attribute, right?
So there is going to be.
Her that.
Archibald Dutch.
Price okay grades and for the title is going to be.
Her doubts.
Achieve would not take you and.
Obama is going to have products.
Attributes Dutch image real.
Okay.
Great.
Right is untrue and excessive.
Now, by clicking on this button.
We have already had this product to our carts.
Okay.
Now we just have to do is to try to display that products we just added in a new screen.
Well, before then.
If you forgotten that we did this, you can easily just go back to it again.
Most of the time you need to watch this course probably up to five times, six times in enough for you
to master the code or know how to do it yourself from scratch.
Right.
So understand as one.
And so my study codes is another thing.
So you might want to watch this video of two five times repeated and repeated.
So you must have attitudes by yourself from scratch.
Okay.
So this is basically it's so by clicking on this what seems that clicking on this we have already had
that is put up to our cards.
Now the next ten are going to do it is going to display this product in the card screen.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.